overlapping chunk konusu biraz sikinti 

2. what would be the intention of this person if they are asking this.  they are in this chatbot, collection, this collection has these documents.  document names 
3. Answer gelecek llama index,ten onu da su prensiplere gore temizle ve yolla.  specific ve succinct. 
4. Can even doa  quick web search (or use other tools, it can be going to an excel file or pulling something
gpt4o kullanabilirim..)
5. they are good with role playing...
6. expected output onemli
7. even for summarization... we can do amazing chunking man... or steps......

source konusunu cozmemiz lazim

1. Chunk retrieval and re-ranking maybe useful too
2. 20 Chunks, score, re-rank. Use top 5

role play is smart.
goal and expectations.

clean like paul graham gibi

test on terminal with chunks!!!!
manual testing but OK.

the ability to show it what's it's doing is good actually
https://learn.deeplearning.ai/courses/multi-ai-agent-systems-with-crewai/lesson/15/mutli-agent-collaboration-for-financial-analysis-(code) 

one that fact checks.... 
quality checks.... this is useless...
i wonder if we can extract alllllll data from pdfs.... recursive summary append and that's the corss check double checkl.

rewrite witht hsi feedback kind a thing...

what is the goal, what is the process....

tool call yaparsan db ye gidip ya da jsona gidip control f yapip arada dogru keyworda dondurecek. rakami bulabilir sana mesela


write the thought...

Usleess..
editor:
Useless: Leading Role in Southeast Asia: Singapore is a key player in the Southeast Asia cold chain market, with significant investments in cold storage facilities.
useless: Market Size and Revenue: Singapore's cold chain market is compared to other countries like the Netherlands, New Zealand, USA, South Korea, and China in terms of market size and revenue.
need examples: High Specification Facilities: Since the early 2000s, there has been a development of high specification cold storage facilities with automation to meet the demand for mixed cold and ambient storage.

maybe output comes, give feedback,, resend..... guzel olabilir






> hglong16: chat_with_chat_engine 
> hglong16: but if you want to see > hglong16: all metadata and node
docker build -t bitch_ai/llama_fast . && docker compose up



this is not good for instance
"What is the projected new supply of cold storage facilities in Singapore for the next 5 years?", "focus": "new supply, Singapore, cold storage"},

maybe then need to do web search man 


Projected Development: Future cold storage capacity in Singapore is expected to be developed in a consolidated manner.
Key Drivers: This development will be backed by large institutional investors and government endorsement.
Sources: Information is based on CBRE Supply Chain Advisory 2020 and GCCA.
No specific numerical projections for the next 5 years were provided in the documents reviewed.